Snowfuries are monsters that live primarily within the Varoma Mountains. Their physical body isn't real, instead they are made up of snow. Their brain and heart is an Ice Core a snowfury will do it's best to keep concealed. The Ice Core is typically encased in ice and snow but the inside is made up of manifested ambient mana. The ways of snowfuries creation is unknown, although it is speculated that they form in clusters of ambient mana, such as on mountain peaks. It is believed once an Ice Core is formed, the snowfury will slowly bond the snow around them, making it their own to manipulate. This bonding process can take years, increasing in efficiency the more snow they have bonded already. Due to this some snowfuries can grow to massive sizes, resembling small snowy hills.

Snowfuries are terrifying creatures, they are effective against melee, mage and ranged combatants. The snow that a snowfury bonds, can't be affected by other magic, as the snowfury is constantly controlling it. Ranged fighters can only hope to successfully shoot the Ice Core, which the snowfury will keep hidden anywhere within it's snowy body (that can range from a large snowball to a small hill), and penetrate it's outer icy layer. Melee warriors can't get close to the snowfury, as it can hurl itself and it's Ice Core using the small amount of innate wind magic it possesses. Alongside wind magic the snowfury uses water magic to control the snow it bonds, it can form the snow into ice and launch it at opponents. Small snowfuries can only form the bonded snow on or near their bodies into ice but larger snowfuries can leave bonded snow patches in their vicinity and transform them into sneak attack icicles. A traveller's best method to avoid these sneak attacks is to change the battlefield, as smaller snowfuries can't go far without losing their bond with the snow which they are often unwilling to do as the process of bonding more takes a very long time.

If a snowfury successfully ambushes you, which is likely as only artifacts that detect mana can successfully uncover them, they will encase your dead body in ice and compress you into dust. They do this to speed up the process of mana decay from a dead body, they absorb this mana to grow stronger. A snowfury has no real thinking, it only thinks of survival and will take any opportunity it can to grow stronger. The way to avoid snowfuries is to either carry a magical artifact that can detect their presence then avoid those areas at all cost or to only travel in a party of non-magically talented individuals, unless angered or frightened a snowfury will not attack those that do not provide it a benefit.