William Barnabas, "Swordpoint", is the head of the officially named Longor-Bayburgh Resistance (called the Resistance in most parts). The Resistance fights against the colonisation of Varoma by the Stone Empire, that most have accepted as reality at this point. Barnabas's election to Lord General (head) and the loss of his arm happened in one event, his duel against the Antknight. Barnabas fought and killed the Antknight to avenge the previous Lord General, in this he earned the position for himself.

Many see William's methods as cruel, he mostly ambushes merchants attempting to trade with Longor or Bayburgh, the region where the resistance operates most fiercely. Due to his influence alone, merchants travelling towards those cities hire mercenaries or the City Watch of a nearby city to protect them on their travels. Alongside ambushing merchants, the Resistance specializes in assasinations. Attempts to assasinate key figures of the Stone Empire's reign are frequent, and a Stoneblooded man in Longor does not dare to travel within the Varoman areas of the city. These actions have caused Longor to become a hotbed for Varoman nationalism, the Resistance's intent. Bayburgh is less influenced, as it is a seaside city that often houses sailors or Sugori pirates.

There are several key figures in the Resistance that are less famed than Barnabas but still well-known within Varoma. Marc Barton, is a commoner in his late 40s, he rose to power within the Resistance due to his affinity to fire and absolute lack of fear. He leads the "Kindled Men" branch, who are responsible for the Burning of Lastock 22 years ago when Medved Sarsenof was elected. Another key member of the Resistance is Monk Beter, a Shreevian, who practices and preaches traditional Fuyanism. His reason for involvement with the Resistance is unknown, as he does not engage in violence. Beter instead seeks a diplomatic resolution, an approach that's currently ignored under Barnabas as Lord General. Beter, who was a well respected Monk a long time before he officialy joined the Resistance, has led many to do the same and despite his non-violence could be the most influential member, simply due to the amount of members he has attracted.

Before he was involved in the Resistance, Barnabas was a travelling mercenary. His mother had loose blood relations to the Beltons and would come begging for riches and land in the court of Longor. When she was unanimously rejected, thrown out, mocked and eventually imprisoned and starved, William learnt that the only way to power is through mastery of the sword. From the age of 12 he guarded merchant's from the Resistance he now leads, fought alongside the Border Brothers after major raids and even protected merchant ships travelling to and from Bayburgh. He has fought and killed countless men, earning him experience beyond even the most seasoned soldier.

Only in the current month has Barnabas started reconsidering his approach. When one of the Kalutan councillors, Jhon, visited him and offered to allow him to keep Longor in exchange for a well-timed ambush against the Border Brothers, William told Jhon he would have to consider. Unexpectly, Jhon attacked him, William killed him with ease and after is believed to have said to Monk Beter "The Stone Empire's downfall would be my dream nation, but what would the point be with no nation left?". Kaluta are becoming an existential threat for Varoma, only growing stronger from every encounter. If the Border Brothers fail to stop them at the wall, Jhon knows it's not impossible they will march for the populated cities in the Belton region. Following his encounter with Jhon, William decided to temporarily stop all assasination attempts of key figures by the Resistance. He has called for a meeting of all the influential members of the Resistance, to decide whether to help or hinder the Border Brothers.