Nolaka is an island inhabited by a society of rainforest tribes on the west side of Elvus near Bauland. They serve a quite reactionary policy towards outsiders and serve to protect their land and keep it lucious and healthy. Despite Nolakan heritage existed spread throughout random people around the rest of the world, it is quite rare to see many due to their situation and natural instict to conserve their kind, something that did not always exist.

Before Nolakans were even on the island, they were Ancient Baulandians who lived far and wide across the continent of Bauland. They lived like any other civilisation, adapted to the environment, thriving socially, economically and even politically. This was all until the war tyrand called Marutol was born and used his power as an army general to conquer and destroy as much of his home country as it thirsted his blood. After these events, Nolak, one the the First Man's disciples, decided he did not want his power to be used for evil and supposedly blamed outside influence on Marutol's villainy. He decided to gather all his trust subbordinates and townsfolk and fled to an island they were aware of near the coast of Bauland to have an easy job in protecting his people. Not everyone from Ancient Bauland moved on with him however, by that point in time the Nolkain's already set sail for the Artifacts and the other Baulandians who were unaware of this migration stayed. Those that stayed are the ancient ancestors of modern day "Baulandians" today, completely unaware of what happened to the rest of their once large society.

After settling on the Island, Nolak decided to dedicate the rest of his existance to the protection of his people. He trained his willpower and skill over 100s of years and eventually when he was ready, moved his soul into the Nolakan Greattree. The Greattree is the largest living organism in the world and continues to slowly grow with his powers alongside praying Nolakans. He has an aura that can be felt kilometres from the coasts of the island and whenever a foreign soul is detected he conjured vines and plantlife to block them from entering to prevent evil from outside. It is also said that the tree embodies healing properties, likely being Nolak's medical knoledge he had elapsed that allows him to properly heal wounds using his Life magic. It is unknown when or if Nolak will return to a human body, but not until he knows for certain his people are safe as he doesnt not want more like Marutol to occur.

Nowadays Nolakans are not aware of what happened as most Nolakans extend their life enough time until they are satisfied with living, so only those of Nolak's generation remember. They pray to the "Alkurator", who is the First Man whom they have never met, for giving them such a life and this Greattree. As neither side who has been on either culture knows they are worshipping the same people with the same Creator Magic, no one bats an eye to the powers they each have, barring a few Nolakans who live inside of Volin. Most non-Islander Nolakans on the continent of Volin live or come from a village called Thuraba. At some point a ship vessel with a large amount of Nolakans ended up on Volin in the Stonelands territory. Yet now, Stoneland grants them protection and privacy in exchange for roughly manufacturing of "Soul Stone" which they need in order to combat their enemies in Volin who use primarily Creator Magic.