Born 200 years after the exit of the First Man, Marutol is likely one of the first evil people in history. Born into a rather small Baulandian village, Marutol quickly grew up and became an army soldier. Marutol quickly rised up the ranks in the armies of the Ancient Baulandians but then used his power for the worse. He was the first person known in ancient history to turn against his own kind on such a high scale. Initially tasked with protecting a large area of villages and towns from Bauland's dangers, he used this military power to conquer towns of his own people.

Situated slightly south of the centre of Bauland, Marutol traveled upward, conquering every town and village he saw, pillaging food for his men, destroying buildings and destroying the lives of hundreds and thousands at a time. But all he cared about was overcoming more and more land and people. Marutol's actions were so concerning, he was the sole reason for the First Man's disciple holding Life magic to flee to Nolaka island. After reaching the coast of Bauland, he thirsted for more power and achievement so he decided to make a mission to conquer the whole continent of Terranica. Terranica was mentioned to have existed with its whereabouts by the First Man to the Ancient Baulandians, but due to it being a much denser, dangerous and unpredictable living space, no society has every lived there. After years of figuring out travel on water, he started his journey to conquer Terranica.

Life in Terranica was rough for Marutol. Years of exploring the lands for reconaissance has led 40% of Marutols forces to die. Yet this is what led Marutol to believe that mortal man is too unrenewable, and with the power of his Life magic he can create everlasting warriors. By keeping the bodies of his best comrades, if their souls were still inside their deteriorating bodies, he can overpower their souls to control them into fighting for him. Marutols forces eventually reached a relitively flat area to build a base of operations on, which he called Ashbone Citadel. Then he decided to wait a century to develop an army of undead soldiers so big Terranica would be no concern. Alongside this, Marutol also was preparing the "World's Core", a large hard rock which he piledrived unusable souls into which he controlled into automatically converting nearby wandering souls back into their skeletal bodies.

What he was not expecting is one of his 8 Vice Generals, Lithduga, tracked him all the way here and trained his army for 50 years in order to battle Marutol. Marutol came out as the loser, but managed to also take down Lithduga. After sticking his soul into the World's Core, Marutol took over the souls inside of it and he himself converts all life that dies in a nearby radius into undead fighters. And now until the end of time, in order to fuel his ambition for creating undead armies, he rests in a rock underground constantly reviving weak souls that die trying to explore his ruins to this day, forever until someone dares to free him.