The Ashbone Citadel is a fortress situated in the north-west of the Terranica continent. It is a gloomly lit, grey-hued, abandoned settlement full of moving undead hostile skeletons. Ashbone Citadel are the ruins of a nearly 3000 year old conqueror and his mission to rule the masses. But as things did not seem bright for him after an encounter with a vengeful champion, his mission to possibly rule the world fell flat.

The Citadel was build on the continent of Terranica, which is known for the size of itself and its living creatures. It is a really dangerous place to live in, especially for mere humans. After arriving with his army on the continent, Marutol, the conqueror, struggled with heavy casualties to the harsh and diverse environments of Terranica. He then gathered the idea of building a fortress in this rather empty plot of land he discovered in the north-west of the continent. He dubbed it "Ashbone Citadel" and hailed it to be the capital of his new world, and the central point the undead army he was bringing up. Using his Life magic, he discovered that he did not need live humans to serve for him, but instead to overpower their souls and trap them into their skeletons after they die. Marutol used his Life magic to also preserve his lifespan, which was common practice for all Ancient Baulandians at the time, which left him patiently building up armies of skeletons for people that died on a day to day basis.

Little did he know that this slow build-up costed him his plans, as he was being pursued by an army general called Lithduga. Lithduga was an ex-general of Marutol's who cut himself and his regiment from Marutol after seeing his atrocities prior to his journey to Terranica. After training for decades inside of Terranica, Lithduga invaded Ashbone Citadel to avenge all the people's lives he destroyed in his tyranical past. It was a bloody battle, with casualties of Marutols skeletons and people, mixed with Lithduga's human soldiers left no man alive left, apart from the two. After a ultimately close battle, Lithduga managed to kill Marutol but suffered wounds too sever and died from them not long after, leaving no survivors in the whole battle and Ashbone Citadel to be an ageless ruin.

With his last dying breath, Marutol managed to migrate his soul into the core below the Citadel. His project for the core was to create an easier way to create soldiers to fight for him. As it was not finished, he instead inserted his powerful soul into the core to curse his life into reviving creatures that die in the Citadel until the end of time. Meanwhile, Lithduga still guilty from his mistakes in the past, lacked strong enough will to fight off Marutol's curse and unfortunately had his body taken over.