Unlike other countries, culture in Acedonia is quite evenly spread across the whole nation. It is said the two islands used to be connected, so Acedonians from either island are almost identical. The culture in Acedonia is quite heirachical, with ordinary civilians paying huge respect to the people higher up the social ladder. From the outside it looks toxic, but most normal-living people in the country aspire to be so powerful and popular so it is normal by their stantards.

The general public is very hugely into combat sports. Combat Sports are sports and athletic activities that spark competition which involves some sort of combat. The main two that stand out are Var Fencing which is for the richer demographic. Var Fencing is like regular fencing with an Acedonian spin on it. It tends to be practiced and watched by either the wealthy or the nobles. Then there is Guarming, which is the national sport of the country. Guarming is a 7v7 fighting sport that is a mix of wrestling and natural fighting. It has a semi complex ruleset, which most players playing a seperate role in this team game. Since its creation many years ago, despite being quite popular in the rural and working class areas, its a game for rich and poor alike. The King and Queen watch every Guarming Championship Cup Final and even delve into individual matches ever so often. Despite there being only 16 teams in the main division, there exist dozens of Guarming teams from local areas and towns that try to reach the top within their individual local divisions. One of the best Guarmers of altime Cedric Sir Lance, was given noble status after retiring and is now a respected Vice President to the King of Clubs. Guarming has even been watched overseas with a small population of Lanti Archapelago islanders from Palago who set up radio poles just to watch the high stakes games.

Gender is not seen as an identity defining aspect in Acedonia, but merely a trait you are born with. Acedonians view women as the people who give birth and as men the ones who impregnate, with no more clichés past that. Women also can be Guarmers, miners, councilors. If anything, Acedonia is the most equal society, as many institutes set laws that each division of theirs with power has to be a 50-50 split of gender in order to be valid. Though even that method is seen by some as too restricting and cornering gender as a part of identity. When women are pregnant, they can only tell by the half-way mark of 6 months, then only 9 months in should the woman rest and let the baby grow.

The people love their leaders. Each year holds 2 one week holidays that spam in the period after the exact day of both the Queen and Kings coronations. They respect any nobles they come across, and the nobles also respect them, where a common practice for nobles is donating some of their money to any villages or towns they have to go through. During the 2 week period of a Coronation Tournament, all staff are on optional holiday to watch the games either live or at home through radio.