Low down the map of Elvus exist two islands shaped like puzzle pieces. Acedonia is a kingdom ruled by the White King and Black Queen, known as the nation of "Battling Aristocrats". It is a country in love with fighting, unique dress style and honour for royalty and prowess. A nation with estranged history with some of the most interesting attributes not similar to any other countries.

The people of Acedonia are unique, their skin colour has similar genetic code to eye colour. Acedonian eyes are always black, meanwhile their skin the dependant on the parents. Acedonians are either the colour of Pure Black, Pure White or sometimes Pure Red, but that is all dependant on the parents. Children of White parents are going to be white but children of mixed parents will be either colour with a tiny chance of a red offspring. A child between Acedonians and other humans has not been seen, but from what is understood, Acedonian genes are stronger and would overwrite natural human pigment. Acedonians also are naturally taller, with men and woman bolstering the same average height of 7'2 as a fresh adult, where they do not stop growing until the day they die which is around 135 years. The World Conference has largely debated whether Acedonians should be counted as an entirely new species, but as their similarities are too similar to humans, they were placed into the "Race" category alongside the Dwarves of Rutof.

The people from Acedonia are battle freaks, or at least the people higher up the social ladder. Regular civilians aspire to be so powerful like the leaders of society but live regular lives. Fight clubs, fencing dojos and combat sports are extremely popular in Acedonia, and fighting based sport is loved by almost all, especially those in the cities. Most jobs in the country are factory workers and miners, seeing as the main export is the Onyx Metal found beneath the land. Despite how abundant it is, foreign companies cannot mine it by law so it is priced by Acedonia themselves. Rural workers follow this trend, as since Acedonians have less picky diets than regular humans, the rural people make mines instead of farms, and supply the larger corporations who sell to foreigners. Above the civilians are nobles, who share more passion into their interests and are usually born into the nobility but can lose it or buy into it. Nobles are pretty interested in fighting, especially when the Coronation Tournament is happening. These are all ruled by the White King or Black Queen, who are decided once one of them dies, in battle like all else.

The Acedonians believe that the First Man specifically made them differently coloured to the rest of the world for a reason, and that achieving Fuyan is to be a powerful and united people. The people here worship the First Man and thank him for making them who they are physically and mentally but instead of viewing him as a god, he is instead their "Krasaa", which means Creator or Father in their tongue.