Many countries around Acedonia fear them, shearly because of their size and strength. Yet realistically, Acedonians are a humble and friendly nation, who do not condone war and evil, particularly also because of their lack of use for weapon arms. Trade relations can sometimes be quite Acedonian favoured depending on who they are trading with. The country has a large amount of natural resources only available in Acedonia, causing it to be a highly wanted country to trade with. If the Acedonian King and Queen and their councils view a country reputably, they will treat them with normality and/or care. On the other hand, if a country is thought to be dishonest and unfair to its people, especially with the product they are selling to them, they will massively increase the rate.

Foreigners themselves are allowed to visit the country but many do not. Some people are scared to visit strong and menacing people despite the huge difference in interesting culture. Unfortunately, this is the view of most of the unknowing world, despite Acedonia having tremendously low crime, extreme poverty and distandard of living rates. Though most of the enjoyment out of visiting Acedonia comes with the sports, for example the Coronation Tournament or Guarming games. Yet due to the immensly high demand for tickets to live games, especially the more popular ones, foreigners are limited entry to games. Stadiums have to at a maximum hold 5% of seats to the tourists due to the law. But this ultimately depends on the Stadium itself as they are not required to allocate seats to tourists and only can choose to if they want to make extra revenue from increased foreigner ticket prices.

When it comes to warfare the Acedonian Kingdom is one of, if not the most peaceful country in the whole of Elvus. Acedonians do not care for warfare and expansion, and despite other countries over the 1000s of years trying to fight, it never escalated. The country has no naval force, and rarely often even uses ships to sail out. Since the country will not move out to fight any opposition, war never begins as the opposing power does not want to invade a land with such strong and patriotic people. This caused many land hungry conquerors from 100s of years ago to spread misinformation on the Acedonians out of spite for their lack of will to fight and even out of fearing them so much, inciting the real misunderstanding the population has of them today. There do exist a few Acedonians outside of the country but they are extremely rare and only a handful of them have willingly lived outside of the walls documented.