The Rumble Knight "Swordbolt" was the youngest person to become a Commander, almost a decade ago when he was twenty-one. He is stationed in High Enkefen and is the only regiment within Enkefen. He commands seven thousand men, which most often patrol the border of the duchy and prevent banditry. He is helped by his Assistant General, Dives Loisotto. Dives is not much of a fighter, only learning Advanced Watermagic at the National Academy, however his strategical genius is unparalleled within his generation. He graduated top of the class in War Strategy at the National Academy. This has done irreperable damage to his view of himself, and the previously haughty, arrogant Dives has become almost insufferable.

"Earthbear", "Fat" or "Feral" Klaus is a Commander of the Tenos Regiment alongside Pistol Preston. He is of noble Stoneland origin, plain by his girth, height, alcoholism and loud personality. He abandoned his parents when he decided to pursue Earthmagic at the age of twenty-two, by travelling to Zengef as a merchant's guard. Settling in High Enkefen, he fought in Eva's Ring to pay the bills. Klaus was an exceptionally strong Earthmage, fighting by wrapping his body in Earthmagic and creating massive claws of earth, he became the undefeated Champion for two years in a row. He was eventually defeated by the Rumble Knight, who soon after left the Ring. Klaus had a midlife crisis, he left the ring and attempted to become a student of Leon Earthblood who rejected him. Dejected, he once again travelled as a merchant guard, engaging in excessive drinking. As a proud person, he was unsatisfied with his lack of achievement and so joined the Tenos Regiment, quickly rising up the ranks. As a Commander, he fell in love with the other Commander alongside him, Angela Darspes, a Windmage. Klaus gave up drinking for her, and was esctatic during this time of his life. As happens to most Commanders, Angela died in battle to an enemy marksman. Klaus was devastated, and returned to his drinking habits. When Pistol Preston replaced Angela, Klaus treated him poorly. Overtime he warmed up to him, and now they are good friends.

Pistol Preston, self-styled the "Dapper Gunslinger" is a Commander of the Tenos Regiment alongside Fat Klaus. He is a short man, always wearing a tophat which only highlights his small size. Of Dalanet origin, Preston began in a well-off family of gun smugglers. He would tinker with the guns at his parent's home while they were waiting to be smuggled, finding their mechanisms fascinating. Eventually his parent's boss, Felix Lesli-Shine of the Tophats, blew his parent's head off when they refused to take on extra risk. Preston managed to escape due to the kindness of a stranger, Jonas, who adopted him as his own. Thus began Preston's quest for vengeance, where he learnt how to handle his gun aswell as perfected his craftsmanship. After half a decade Preston snuck into the Tophat's HQ and killed Felix the same way the mafia boss killed his parents, with a shotgun blast to the face. Preston took the white tophat, now riddled with bullets, and went back to Jonas. His stepfather could not accept housing a killer, and so in words of rage told him to get out of his house and out of Dalanet. Dejected and alone, Preston followed his words and left for Zengef whereupon he found the Mage Army of Zengef. He discovered an abnormal talent with all the elements, likely via his early exposure and began using five different guns, one for each element.

Icaff Vifon, known as "Rainmaker" is the oldest current living Commander of the tumultous Pulfes Regiment. Icaff was born into the Vifon family, but despite his noble upbringing his life was not easy. Many believed Icaff slow when he was in his younger years. He just liked taking time to consider things. The one person who saw his intelligence and potential, Kalissa Fireblood, died in front of his eyes. Ever since then Icaff has pondered why he survived. He dedicated his life to the Mage Army of Zengef since then and honed his Watermagic to a deadliness that sees him alive after almost two decades. Rainmaker wears a pointed hat and uses a long white staff to aim his attacks, both gifts from Kalissa that hold no practical utility. His title is due to his ability to form clouds or fill them with water until bursting. It's an immeasurable advantage against enemy armies that saw him redeployed to Pulfes from Enkefen when the Stoneland skirmishes began.

Boomrock Epi, she never uses her full name, is a fresh Commander serving in Pulfes. She is the granddaughter of Jolanan, her only living relative. Epi is a dissimilar to her granddfather, she does not share his aloof disposition. Instead she acts almost child-like - gleeful, impulsive and boastful both in and out of battle. Her other relatives were killed in Lafef's Coup, when she was only a year old. Boomrock's motivation to serve is to "Meteor those copper rats off our shores". Her primary method of fighting is forming a meteor of fire and earth - then plummeting it toward's her opponents with a strong push. She distinguished herself in the Battle of Thousand Flames - when she was only fourteen. Halfly-responsible for the title of "Thousand Flames" with her granddad. Hereditary from Jolanan, she also possesses a massive mana capacity. This enables her to form almost a dozen meteors without manasickness.

Uragos Cupid is the third and final Pulfes Commander. He is a tired military man who has had his youth sapped away from him after serving in the Mage Army for over a decade. Unfortunately for Uragos, his short stature and stubborn nature has led others to dismiss him and he naturally falls into a support role. He has become accomplished at this. Serving as the backline, Uragos is known as "Mudflood" because of his widerange earth-to-mud attack completed with the assistance of his personal squad. Alongside Mudflood also frequently uses what he calls "Quagmire" which transforms the area into a bog and gales of wind to push enemies back. Before serving the Mage Army, Cupid lived in Mercaju alongside his brother Jules. Uragos was the favored son and his father intended to give him the title of Duke despite his younger age to his brother. Jules therefore arranged an incident involving a wealthy merchant's wife and forced Uragos to be sent away - a place where he would shame the family no longer. Thus he ended up in the Mage Army. In a lucky twist, Uragos quite enjoyed the Mage Army and decided to stay even after returning to his family would be acceptable. Eventually his dedication was rewarded and he was promoted to Commander when Galesword died.

Tsukan Shiki, one of the two foreigners