Zoyana Fireblood "Dancing Flame", "White Glove" is a Zengefian woman and one of the five Great Mages. She is easily noticeable via her red hair with orange streaks and a massive burn scar on her right leg, earned when she cauterized a fatal wound in a fight against the Antknight. Zoyana wields a rapier made of silverstone and her iconic white glove in the other, both her white glove and rapier named "Pinprick" are extremely heat resistant as she uses firemagic. She earned her spot as one of the Great Mages when she slew the terror that plagued Zengef, "Rainbane". The previous Fireblood, Jolanan, stepped down after this achievement. Jolanan claimed he was stepping down to give the youngsters a chance, but in reality, he was old and tiring.

Zoyana was a young budding firemage raised in the court of High Enkefen, she showed talent and dedication even in her early years and was recognised as a potential canditate for the Great Mages even then. This sort of admiration grew an ego in young Zoyana and as she was bored at her homelife due to all the pampering, when she was only 13 she run away from High Enkefen to the neighbouring country of Roroni. She experienced a lot on her journey, and realised that the mastery she already possessed of the flame was not enough, so she decided to learn from the locals. The "Dancing Swordsmen" are one of the many warrior clans in Roroni, they specialise in rapiers and a softfooted almost dancing combat style, this is where Zoyana learned the fighting style she uses today and was gifted her silverstone "Pinprick".

Zoyana's fighting style involves quick movement, sword stabs when an enemy is near and fireballs from her white glove when they keep their distance. One who attempts to match her blade for blade is quickly suprised when she burns them with her right hand or her blazing hot rapier. Any non-mage who attempts to keep a long-distance, can not touch her either as any arrows or bolts are burnt to a crisp as she quickly closes in. The biggest difficulty for Zoyana is other mages, as a firemage she can not defend effectivelly against any other element and so she focuses on dodging oncoming attacks while sending attacks on her own, a technique that is responsible for her moniker "Dancing Flame". Zoyana does not exclusively use her right-hand to spellcast, often casting static or tracking fireballs that follow the point of her rapier's sword throughout their travel. When fireballs are not enough, she slashes with her rapier and creates slice of flame, secretly casting a fireball from her right hand to catch unaware opponents offguard.

As the youngest Fireblood in history, Zoyana holds a lot of responsibility. The people of Zengef trust the Great Masters can keep the fighting force of their nation strong, as they take students and teach them what they learnt. Zoyana so far has not taken any students during her 3 years as the Fireblood and this has caused tensions between her and the other Great Masters, who see it as their duty to the people. Her carefree attitude could potentially see her ousted from their numbers, a unanimous vote by the other Great Masters is required to do so but so far Gofa Waterblood, during the 4 votes hosted, has not voted yes a single time, while the others opinion has changed over time. For now she travells the land of Zengef and the borders of neighbouring countries, fighting and earning experience where she can, and while she is not loved by her fellow Great Masters, she is by far the most beloved by the people.


NOTES:

il make a book on the great mages later, just giving them names and such that can be changed, there's one for each element and they change their last name to their element + blood

Rainbane needs expanding on, i imagine he was a water primary mage that caused poisonous rain on villages, poisoned wells, caused tsunamis. im sure he had an agenda against Zengef idk what yet

High Enkefen is the capital of Zengef and it's beautiful with waterfalls, sculptures since a lot of the inhabitants are magicians. I also imagine Zengef in general has a lot of mechanical stuff since it can be powered with any mage just shooting their element and pushing a button/piston whatever.

Roroni is a country of warrior societies that borders Zengef and is not a colony of Stoneland, I imagine they have some scary countries neighbouring or roughland or maybe even live in a very uninhabitable place. I dont think they even have a central government instead more like Mongolian clans pre genghis. I'm sure you know where i got the name from

she can heat her rapier up to insane temperature and slice through anything but its not very useful as its a rapier

gofa waterblood believes he can fix her, since he's water based i imagine hes most accepting of change from last airbender