Gorgana "Blood Fiend" Wretchirl is a Legendary Gira and leader of the Feral Pirates. Gorgana is a tall, slimly builtwoman which is in her early 30s. Gorgana is from the Capital and is well-known for her interesting fighting style. Gorgana has been a pirate for over a decade and a Gira for half of her pirate career.

Gorgana is from a rather rich background, she was born into the Wretchirl family in the Capital which is consideredalmost noble, the family has also a big history of piracy, even her dad was Parshton Wretchirl of the LegendaryGira crew Great Fumbrian Pirates. Gorgana was a finalist of the Sugori Talent Show at the age of 16 for her skill of using throwing stars and knives. Gorgana went to Pirate Camp at a young age where she was briefly in the same class as a current Gira, Yves von Eric. After graduating the Capital's Pirate Camp, she got trained by her father and endedup founding the Feral Pirates, which after only a few years became a Gira Crew.

Gorgana's Feral Pirates originally was a Joloise crew of Warriors. As the Capital is the largest city on the largest island, it owns 3 Joloise crews for Lords and Warriors. Gorgana got the spot of a retired Joloise Warrior due to herprivilege but it helped her crew rise up to the top. After many successful scout missions, and a shaky occurence witha bandit tribe in the south, Gorgana was given the option by Vanessa Haliness to be a high profile army commander or to combine with Gira Gus' crew, yet Gorgana rejected both offers and a few years later proved worthy enough to gain the position of Gira after Wester Banks retired.

The Feral Pirates are a powerful crew led by Gorgana Wretchirl. Gorgana takes the position of Head Sin, meanwhile there are also Commanders known as the Seven Sins, which are all powerful combatants-
Lust- Anastasia Evelyn
Gluttony- Penelope Bonney
Greed- Lester Luca
Sloth- Dale Appleton
Wrath- Riptide
Envy- Idris Ugart
Pride- Leonidas X

Gorgana Wretchirl is one of the only modern day Gira's who had a close to death experience. Gorgana was kidnapped by Dretchers (Sea Traffickers), but Saint Joloise Vector Barbossa and fellow Gira Gus alongside the Seven Sins invaded the camp and took her back. Dretcher appearances were little seen since then in the Sugori Isles.

Giras all have a differing fighting style, per coincidence. Gorgana is known for being one of the more unique fighters,she mastered the technique of "Shurikens and Knives". Gorgana can pin people to walls from medium distance, uses close quarters combat including acrobatic and highly mobile moves like kicks and her "Sharp Gymnastics". Gorgana is alsoknown for how she dresses, she is a fashion icon in the Sugori Isles and wears her outfits on the ship instead of typical combatwear.