Gus, or the "Sword of the Seas" is a Legendary Gira from the present era, with many thinking he is the most powerful Sugori person alive. Gus is a veteran pirate and captain of the Valiant Pirates, a Gira crew who have well balanced power and popularity. He has been a Gira for 38 years and started his pirate journey at the low age of 14.

Not much is known about his background, he decides to keep it hidden for the sake of his family's privacy. No one knows his origin island but he definitely has not come from Fumbria as he has stated he joined their pirate crew when they visited his island. Gus' family is not famous, and he said that neither of his parents had any power or "high societary" jobs. He was a troubled kid purely because no family member wanted to be a pirate and they merely worked in other sectors. Gus has never revealed his full name but Gus is not a pseudo-name, it was the name he was given at birth, named after his Great-Grandfather. Many times he insinuated that he is from a poor family, something that he told to Vanessa Haliness himself. Gus has been asked if he has any kids, he did not answer the question, but merely said if he does it would be obvious. He is also often confused with Joloise Captain of the Blind Pirates Golden Jackson, but they are not related.

Gus in his younger years was still strong, after being noticed on his home island, the Great Fumbrian Pirates picked him upand trained him. Gus even fought young Scareye at the age of 17, and gave him his signature scar. Scareye once said the only man who he would not want to fight is Gus, and that "age does not hinder that demon's ability". After 4 years of training, Gus left them to start his own crew, he collected not many pirates, only those who could at least nearly match him in physical strength, or supportive crew members that could somewhat fight. In only a year, Gus would gain the rank of Gira and travel the seas protecting the Sugori for the 38 years until now.

All of the Gira's coincidentally have a unique fighting style, Gus is the only swordsman of the four. Gus has two swords called Sodom & Gomorrah, they are curved cutlasses which have handles of Sugori gold, gifted to him by ex-Mala Earl Haliness VI. Gus has prolific sword offence and defence, and can guard most things with his swords and was rumoured to be able to cut through steel. He got taught sword combat by his ex-captain Jay Rocks, but later awakened his real sword powers after finding out his ancesters were swordsmen. Therefore, Gus uses the technique of "Wind Fighting", which is a supposedly ancient sword fighting technique passed down by his ancestors, and after learning it, was able to best some of the strongest opposition and even become such a formidable foe to this day.

Gus has himself stopped 7 invasions single handedly with no Gira or Army support. He has confirmed to have arrested 3100 criminals and up-to-no-good travellers. Gus is known for his aggressive style of navy combat but even with such a riskee tactical approach, he has yet to lose a battle. His most important encounter was in the Bullgrave Incident, where he had to defend the border from Scareye.

Recently, Gus was under huge regional fire with the Elitrics for capturing one of their spies, he reportedly was warnedby the spy that he would get into trouble, but he didnt care, and also ignored support from his Gira friends. His shipgot once invaded by bandits, they stole his Sodom & Gomorrah, Gus took the whole group on with a long stick thatwas on the ship. One day 23 years ago, a witch called Gildred met Gus when he was resting in a coastal island of Sugori. Supposedly, Gildred is a travelling witch that wishes to give powerful warriors magical powers, Gus ended up declining.