Jay "the Warship" Rocks is a pirate who the oldens might know, Jay is a retired Pirate and Naval Officer from the Sugori Isles,
He comes from the infamous Rocks lineage from Fumbria Island, he grew up on the North East. Jay is an elderly man now who
is known for his wisdom and experience, especially as not only was he a pirate, but a Legendary Gira to Earl Haliness VI,
who was know to be very strict on who he picked as leadership. Jay Rocks' most notable feat is defending an invasion of
a now non-existant neighbour nation of hunter-gatherers called the Utorios, he found 50 ships going towards the border
of the Ilses and before the signal was even delivered to the Giras and the Capital, Rocks stopped it with only 8 warships
and 3 scout ships. 

Rocks grew up in a tough era, Fumbria was one of the few islands the "Food Depression" hit, Fumbria was poor, cold in the
winters and a lot of people starved, Rocks dad was a Pirate, nothing famous but Jay really liked the idea of being a Warrior
of the Seas so he signed up. He won Fumbrias best rookie the year he joined, and then helped Fumbria defend their territory
against some bandits (Fumbria Island was on the Old Border of the Sugori Ilses). Interestingly, he was found out by the man
who's position he would be soon to replace, Sir Kong, a Gira. After climbing ranks in the Big Kong Pirates, Rocks eventually
was asked to create his own pirate crew by the Mala himself, as he was seen as too high value to be a subordinate of another
pirate. Then once the crew was big enough, the Mala promoted him to Gira after Kong retired and the rest is history.

Rocks was called "Warship" due to his extreme inelligence on Warfare and the Battlefield, so much that after he retired from
piracy, Vanessa Haliness offered him a job as her personal Councilor Assistant of War & Combat but he denied it.
He was trusted by Gira-overlapping missions to be the main tactician and his plans were set to never fail, his knowledge of
the seas and ship weaponry was unmatched. Rocks was not only a brain guy, he was the captain of his crew, 
the Great Fumbrian Pirates, and he was said to never lose a spar against his other Gira allies.

Rocks' crew was nothing to scoff at, although Giras tend to be based off of the Military & Power prowess of the individual
captain, the crew is also a pivotal feature for picking a Gira, and the Great Fumbrian Pirates hit the mark. First of all, 
Rocks was the mentor and teacher for the current Gira, Gus the "Sword of the Seas", who taught him how to fight, 
use swords and real authentic Sugori naval tactics like the Octopus Formation that he used in the Utorios battle. 
Also on his crew was the 
-Lilith Trillthorn, the first female "Right-hand Man" of a Legendary Gira crew
-Rodney Spike, the Grandfather of "Pirate Prodigy" Destiny, 
-Parshton Wretchirl, Father of the Legendary Gira, Gorgana Wretchirl
-Dr Fernwoodd, a historically successful Doctor and Mechanic of his decade, knew how to fix a ship and person
and many more.

Jay Rocks stepped down at the age of 67, he since then lives back in Fumbria as the Fumbria Mayor's assistant and delves 
in his interests, like botanism and literature. Jay also teaches new navy recruits as a part time job and wrote the book 
called "The Ways of the Blue Beauty" which details the nature of travelling through seas, a local library but also national
favourite that motivated many young pirates to step to the ocean.