The Sugori may seem like a nation of pirates and gatherers but it is far from it, they have their own Military/Governance System. This includes the Mala, the Giras, the Joloise and the General Army.

The Mala, which is currently Vanessa Haliness, controls the General Army, in charge of war, affairs and sometimes policing. The Mala needs no pirate crew, but it's good for them to know how to fight in combat. They are beloved by the nation and serve as a leader of monarch of the whole nation. Generally, Malas have a primary ideal, everything for the good of the people, but some have differing views. Over the last 300 years, all Malas have been of the Haliness dynasty and even before then all from royal blood, something that the people never have a problem with. The Mala commands multiple subordinates; they control major advances in army warfare, have a Second in Command, advise to and from the 4 Legendary Giras, give orders to the Saint Joloise, and have the power to veto and government officials from islands so long as the Giras support it.

The Legendary Giras are the 4 most powerful pirate captains from the Sugori ilses, they are a big contributer to the economy, have huge reputation and popularity and help deal with issues that arise around, they seperately do cover different areas but not enough to have their own specific roles, the Giras are appointed by Mala but historically no Mala has ever changed or replaced the Giras themselves, with one exception. The current 4 Giras are: Gus, Morgan V. Pikefist, Yves von Eric and Gorgana Wretchirl. Giras are really important for balance and power and general help in certain situations. They all have seperate fighting styles unintentionally and all can fight extremely well, and they bolster large man power strong enough to fend off country invasions. Each Gira has a close pirate crew of very talented individuals that are all known quite well by themselves. Once a Gira retires, another gets promoted, typically a Joloise Pirate Crew.

Then in the next tier stand the Joloise, there are several dozens of these. The Joloise are pirate crews that represent an Island or City. These are split into 2 groups, the Lords and the Warriors. The Joloise Lords are a policing regiment that patrol, sit near their homebase, and help with battles if neccesary. The Joloise Lords are an exploration regiment that tend to go out to sea and explore the world even, they also do help with any neccesary battles. Joloise pirates still do have at least regional reputation but not as much as those above them. At the top sits the Saint Joloise, who currently is Vector Barbossa, he keeps track of both Joloise groups so that they do their job correctly. Vector Barbossa is arguably as powerful/important as the Gira, but stands on a lower step. Under the Saint Joloise stands King Lord Ardina Lockhart and King Warrior Nidon the Restless, which chief over the 2 respective Joloise groups. They do not neccesarily take directions from Vector Barbossa but they follow any instructions and more thoroughly govern the 2 groups, to lighten the job for Vector. The Saint Joloise is picked by Vanessa and the Saint also picks his two Kings, the Giras and Mala can veto any Kings from stepping into power but they have yet to do so.

Left are the Minors, which are the majority of Pirate captains in the system, these guys run on the same level and they do typical Sugori pirate behaviors. There is a scale of reputation, some pirates are only known locally, others are known over larger areas but no matter what, anyone who assembles a crew will begin as a Minor Pirate Captain unless they get promoted by their province or island to being a Joloise. They do not have any obligation or responsibility to do anything, except help fight in any wars from nearby areas.

Lastly, there is the General Army, these soldiers are trained like pirates but do not have a captain, they are almost like a navy. The General Army is led by Vanessa, she has the Second in Command, Mina Elroark and then there are a lot of Army Commanders, which can be promoted by Mina or Vanessa, that each command their own ship. You can enter the local regiment in the General Army at the low age of 16, but be a chore boy even before that. This is how many pirates get their experience going before they begin their pirate journey. As many do not have the will to risk starting one with little experience.