Morgan Villan Pikefist is a Legendary Gira from the Sugori Isles and the captain of the Navy Pirates. Morgan is a man in his early 40s who is of tall and large stature. He is the brother of Elliot Pikefist and the only Gira left alongside Gus who served under Earl Haliness VI and is the man who replaced Scareye for his place. Known for his rambunctious personality and his well-trained close combat fighting style, the man that goes by Pikefist is a pioneer fighter.

Born on a small town on the east of the Capital, Morgan had a regular childhood, other than his parents splitting up, which caused him and his brother being seperated. Morgan at the age of 15 was a chore boy worker for the General Army when he then landed himself a spot in the Army early at the age of 17. On his 21st birthday, Morgan ended up getting promoted to Army Commander, and served for only a year before deciding to form a pirate crew. Most of his ship in the Army was up for this idea, and all automatically joined the Navy Pirates, while conserving close alliance with the General Army. Around 3 years later, he was shown massive interest by Saint Joloise Vector Barbossa to be his "3rd King". A term not in the constitution but would be a close and high importance ally of Vectors which he would treat like a King Position. This was almost to be the case until 4 years after at the age of 28, Morgan got an offer to be a Gira under Earl Haliness VI, 4 years before Vanessa stepped in, in order to replace the retiring Jill Patel.

Due to the splitting of his parents, things got a bit complicated around his 20s, when Elliot Pikefist got national coverage. A few years after Scareye got banished, it was confirmed that one of the El Capitanos is Elliot Pikefist, the brother that was with their father after the divorce, meanwhile Morgan stayed with his mother. Their dad, Maurizio Pikefist, was an underground black market trader who sold illegally to feed his family. Elliot after finding this out, blackmailed his own father for money and after abandoning him with nothing, had him arrested before commiting fully to the Scareye Pirates. There has been huge conflict between the two groups since, and Morgan still swears that he will get revenge on Elliot for his awful wrongdoings. Maurizio is out of prison in the current date, but only due to sustaining life-altering injuries during one of the Scareye Pirates' invasions of Sugori prisons. Elliot saw his dad get jumped and did nothing.

Obviously Morgan Pikefist is widely recognised for his sheer amount of followers, he boasts a total of 14 ships under his command, with the biggest, the General Franky as his own. The other 13 ships are captained by his 13 Commodores, which can obviously fight well. Some names include: Warren Knalco, Don Lumsden, Gran Hunter and many others. Over the 12 years hes been a Gira, he has only grown in size. A lot of men from his local regiment go on to be a pirate for Morgan, and he boasts numbers even higher than some countries full navies. 

Despite all of this naval power, Morgan loves fighting with his fists and martial arts. He hosts a boxing tournament for his crew every year and the winner gets promoted in rank for at least 6 months. Obviously this is dangerous but he only fights close up if neccesary, no Gira can be appointed without vast naval intelligence. Morgan has fought many mages in Volin, and a lot of them suggested that his "Aura" or "Magic Bubble" is extrememly prominant, which makes it very hard to create and control elements even nearby him. One of these people was a massive contender for the title of Zengef's "Windblood" Great Mage, Vutoroy. This loss to Morgan was one of the events that caused him to lose that title to Rakinji. His brass knuckles are a gift he recieved during his appointment as Gira, it came from Sir Kong who was well beyond retirement and did not need them. They have been in use ever since that day.

