Daniel Majin or otherwise known as "Dan" by his crewmates or "Red Golem Danny" by the public, is the second man to Lloyd R. Washington who is a Joloise Lord and leader of the Martyr Pirates. Danny is most commonly renowned for being a "Stone Man" and got it through hardy and resiliant belief on Haliism, a religion of people that worship Hali as a deity. He is a man in his early twenties with an average height, bronze hair and wide stature. Danny is most commonly seen with his Stone Gauntlets, he is also the only confirmed mage pirate from the Sugori Isles, but still manages to use his power without need of help.

The Haliism case is not true unfortunately, Danny actually comes from a country called Zengef which is full of mages andgeneral magic users. As it is inherited by birth, without knowing, Danny is a mage from a family of builders. These builders primarily used Earth magic to build for their businesses and village but could do other magic too. This means that Danny can conjure fire, electricity and other elements if he thinks about it hard enough, he is just fully unaware. Due to Lafef's Coup in Zengef, his parents were probably scared for his life and to save him, smuggled him onto one of the escape ships, he was found by a janitor who was cleaning the boat after it landed on the Isles. He was not linked to any passanger of the boat so the janitor adopted him as his son.

When he was a teen, Danny discovered that he can create stone at his will and used it a lot to scare people. He made himself an outcast for his entertainment but would practice fighting abilities on trees in forests. He was eventually found by Washington who was intrigued by his powers. Washington started talking to him and at some point asked him to aid his dream of becoming a successful pirate. Danny was surprised he developed a human connection besides his dad, he kept no friends after moving  to different islands a lot due to poverty. Danny agreed and they have been sailing for years since then. The Martyr Pirates at some point applied for Joloise Lord after the New Rokinia Lord retired, and they got in with their 14 person crew.

His fighting style is quite strong due to his obvious ability. Danny mostly uses the stone power to make his Stone Gauntlets that only he can lift. He can quickly conjure stone to make armor and he also tends to make a stone mask in close quarters combat. His mastery is limited, as he does not percieve his power but his creativity makes up for it. Often serious attacks like his "Grand Canyon" or "Magnitude" take tolls on his body and he has to rest to recover himself and his magic. One time, a crew member of his died on battle, Danny went into a sort of enraged state where his powers seemed limitless and was even recorded to have possibly changed a ships state into stone temporarily. Red Golem Danny was nominated as a Top Pirate Prospect in the last Pirate Freshman list the government has released.