Scareye, also known as the "Grim Reaper", or by his legal name, Edward Drake, is a notorious pirate, serial killer, terrorist and former Legendary Gira that comes from the Sugori Isles. Scareye is known around the world, but most of his mischief was dealt onto his home nation. Scareye captains the fittly names Scareye Pirates that have plagued the oceans for years.

Drake at a young age was a cunning and intelligent kid, not much is known about his origin but many things suggest that he was abused by his parents in some way. When he was 15, he wanted to become a pirate, and during an altercation with Gus, he ended up dueling him, losing and wanting to belittle him and be stronger. This is also how he lost his eye. After this, he then went on as Scareye, and started forming the Scareye Pirates with crew that he found on his journey, which had to be smart, strong and possibly evil. Not all of his crew knew what Scareye was really about, but after witnessing it, many left or atleast tried, which ultimately ended in their escape or death.

On his come up, Scareye tended to do shady things more undercover, like black market trades or hits. After catching several higher profile eyes, Scareye got promoted to a Joloise Warrior, just after this he helped Vector Barbossa defend Wotopolis from a bandit invasion. This is where a lot of his evil doings started to appear and develop. The reason why what Scareye does is considered evil is because it is against the Sugori code. Pirates in the Isles are not allowed to hurt innocent people and pillage. After the "Defence of Wotopolis", Earl Haliness VI noticed Scareye and ended up eventually promoting him to Gira. Before what happened at Bullgrave, he tried to recruit young Yves von Eric but he stuck to his crew instead. At some point it was found out the atrocities that Scareye commited, Earl Haliness VI stripped his Gira priviledges and banished him from the Isles. Since then, Scareye has been roaming other nations and the outskirts of Sugori and terrorising people, until his apparent death some time not many years ago.

Scareye survived on an massive outpost somewhere near the outside of Sugori, supposedly an island. This is his headquaters where most of the administrative decision are taken. He and his pirates survive by the resources on his island but also by raiding tourist, trader and pirate ships that are from the Sugori and also foreign. This is an area dubbed the "Deadlands", which is in the ocean on the west of Sugori where many ships rarely tread to not get raided. He is sometimes noted to be raiding coastal villages but has previously tried raiding more inland ones. Scareye is the main antagonist and insigator of the Bullgrave Incident, where he invaded the island of Bullgrave. His crew bolsters a big skill for assassination, where also a lot of the inflow comes from, he is known to be the reason for the death or Edwin Haliness, who was Earl's cousin and notoriously Hagrid Tattletail, the mayor of Lumbertown, which promptly caused a massive outbreak of attacks on his crew, but Scareye took out many more than that. After raiding a few factories, he even got into big trouble with the cold and snowy nation of Befre, where he caused the "Broken Plank Killings" which where his massacres of whole tradeships that were bigger than even his boats and his raids of coastal villages. Scareye even officially went to war with Befre and claimed a part of its eastern peninsula Grolgat as their territory. But this war ended after only a few years as Scareye "did not want to spend his men on scare tactics" and left with all of the lands resources. All of this severely caused trouble to the Sugori and their image, but after explaining it in a World Conference, it has since been deemed as none of their commiting.