The Scareye Pirates were the evil pirate crew led by Scareye himself, that lived on the east of the Sugori Ilses. This pirate
crew used to be a Joloise Warrior crew and a Legendary Gira crew. This crew is known for its territorial control, aggressiveness
and the atrocities that they have commited. The Scareye Pirates all respect and follow Scareye's orders.

The Pirate crew started at Scareye's young age, eventually getting promoted to Joloise and then to Gira. Once it was announced
that the Scareye Pirates, pillaged robbed, raided civilians and innocents, Scareye and his whole pirate crew became wanted
convicted criminals and got banished from the Isles. They are the primary instigators of the "Grolgat Pirate War", "Broken Plank 
Killings", "Sandbridge Invasion" "Raid to the Capital", "Fumbrian Kidnappings", "Desert Reaper War", "Bullgrave Incident" and 
many others.

The crew consists of a large fleet of ships but each ship has a Captain, these go by the name of the El Capitanos. These
Capitanos are 8 powerful and influential pirates from Scareye's crew. Capitanos can carry out their own decisions with respect
to Scareye's intentions. Many Capitanos have naval tactics and very high combat potential, but they mostly shine for being
the most loyal and evil members. Some El Capitanos are as mentioned: Xavas, Henrietta B, Killer Clown, Elliot Pikefist (who
is Legendary Gira Morgan Pikefist's brother) and the rest which are unknown. Most of these were previous criminals found or
recruited by Scareye but not all were discovered or caught. The Monkey Pirate's crew member Sanson "the Vile" used to be an
El Capitano but was caught when his outpost was raided and kept to being a pirate as he was too strong to lose on. Scareye 
once raided the Red Shackle Prison and freed a lot of the prisoners, the deadliest in Sugori, many were caught but some escaped. 
Some of these escapees were hired by Scareye to be El Capitanos, these being Henrietta B, Sanson and Killer Clown. During the 
temporary ruling of Grolgat, Scareye was its ruler but Xavas took over as mayor and actually resided there.

A lot of the members from the Scareye Pirates joined due to already being there before he got banished from the Isles, but
many also joined after. This was the case because Scareye was known to be a pirate with a really large fleet of crew members.
Scareye tends to employ workers of Black Markets, assassination groups and prisoners that he broke free, but over a decade 
prison security has increased and he has been unable to do so. Scareye's most impressive pull was when he aquired an exiled 
Stoneman who was quite high up in government but got punished for vile things even they did not appreciate. This was 
especially worrying for the world as it proved that this crew started gathering large influence.

Ever since Scareye's apparent death it is undiscovered if the Scareye Pirates disbanded or came under new management, it 
was rumoured that Xavas was his Right-Hand Man. But what is known is that sightings have been stated by civilians, but no
direct attacks have been confirmed to be by this infamous crew since.