The Sugori Islands is a piece of territory that persists between Volin and Pustan, above the Lanti Archipelago. It is a country that is ruled by the royal family member Vanessa Haliness who goes under the title of Mala. Its people live on the dozens of islands that all are governed by Vanessa and her peers. It is a hot and tropical island nation that is also relatively friendly with other nearby nations.

The Sugori are a nation of "pirates", which are sea explorers with loyal crews. Pirates cover a large ammount of the jobs in the country, with piracy being the major factor for the economy. In the country their is a sort of Code of Honour. Pirates are not like what they used to be, the Sugori have changed a lot throughout history. The various pirate crews that inhabit the country are not rambunctious criminals, but instead travellers. Sugori pirates do not steal from people that are not deservant or hostile, instead they steal from those who start fights or from nations they are at war with. This is except for a very minute ammount of pirates that do break the code and have evil ideas. One of the most known criminals by the eastern and central areas of Evlus is Scareye, who is the most notorious pirate that comes from the Sugori Isles. He was a vicious assassin, tyrant, terrorist and overall criminal that was banished immediately after being found out with a bounty on his head. He was supposedly reported dead less than a dozen years ago but no one has confirmed such a claim.

The Sugori people look up to this almost deity to them, Hali, who is a Mala from over 300 years ago that was so honorable and loved that they use it to justify their blessing. There is also a small group of people that believe in Haliism which is a niche religion that worships Hali as an almost God and gift from the First Man. Often these people are in a small way scoffed at but are left to believe it for themselves. Sugori people after the Departure of the First Man, believe Fuyan is a sort of freedom and that the First Man meant meeting him after "achieving Fuyan" was merely a metaphorical claim.

Over years the Sugori lost and gained territory but mostly gained. Other nations and random bandits that wanted land or just small nations that were hostile but not invasive were the perpatrators. Most notably, 13 years ago, Scareye tried to invade the island of Bullgrave and started the Bullgrave Incident which is to this day the bloodiest and most terrible invasion of a single island in Sugori history. But many more invasions have existed over hundreds of years, none were successful as the Sugori pirates are insanely strong in naval combat, this being the General Army of theirs and all the other pirates. 

They do have decent notoriety in Elvus for their size and also are widely respected by other countries. Not only are they in the World Conference but they are categorized by "Large Landmass" which is a category below a continent or otherwise close lands that are not connected. The Sugori are in good terms with the Stonemen Empire of Volin, many coastal towns in Pustan, especially those protected by the Sugori in Scareye's and others invasions, and even some nations in Bauland. The Stonemen and Bauland relationships stem from the performances of the Isles national entertainer, Joloise Pirate Captain, Stan "The Jester" Horczyk, who performed his moving show in many places around the world but many often in Bauland. In one of them he saved the Stonemen Emperor's daughter from an invasion and therefore helped the Sugori establish a massive trade deal with them.



