Stan Horczyk is a captain of the All Fun Pirates under the pseudo-name, "The Jester". He is one of the 3 Capital's Joloise Warriors and has been a pirate for over a decade. Horczyk is a world-wide known entertainer that travels the world and does shows, carnivals and circuses. A lot of the All Fun Pirates are some kind of freakshow or entertainers that can also fight and defend the country if need be. He is slim, and dark-haired but is mostly seen with a full Jester outfit that eminates his very outward personality.

The Jester originates from his childhood. He had learning problems and acted different to other kids. He was bullied a lot when he was young which caused him to be a freakshow. To pass time he would talk to an old carnival advert instead of any friends which ended up making it worse for him in school. He heard about moving carnivals and decided to quit school early to go out to sea.

Horczyk simultaneously was building his moving carnival business and his pirate crew at the same time. Where he often grabbed the "weirdest" people after his shows and made sure that they can fight. His show really blew up overseas, and after being 
noticed in the government, Horczyk was named as one of the 10 Top Pirate Prospect that year. "The Jester" started selling out shows, and Horczyk never once acknoledged his successes, he simply wants to entertain, that is all he ever wanted to do. 6 years ago "The Jester" became a Joloise Warrior and was also named the National Entertainer of the Sugori Isles.

His most popular showing was when he went to the western continent and performed a massive show in Triarwell. He meanwhile  single-handedly stopped an attemped government coup. Unsurprisingly, he has a fighting style which is all carnival and trick themed, where most of his enemies do not see it coming. This helped him destroy the coup with his Carnival Fleet, the Triars thanked Horczyk, earning him a lot of money, respect and reputation for him, his show and the Sugori Ilses. The daughter of the Stoneman emperor was present at the show while she was on vacation, this was the determinating factor for why the Stonemen's rise in power has been no problem for the Sugori.