Vanessa Haliness is the current Mala of the Sugori Ilses, she comes from the long standing Haliness Dynasty and is the
daughter of Earl Haliness VI. She has been the Mala for a few years and is an expert at naval tactics, martial arts, 
sword fights and leadership. Vanessa may not be the strongest person in the country, but she is the most respected, 
beloved and trusted leader that many know can lead a nation.

She was taught since she was a child on how to lead the nation, it was obvious from birth that Vanessa would be capable
of being a leader. Vanessa at a young age was smart, fiesty and courageous. At the age of 8 she was years ahead of her
equal aged peers, she took classes for military commanders, martial arts and even at the age of 15 went to Pirate School.
She was kept anonymous by here father and even got asked to join the crew by an up and coming Gira, Yves von Eric.
As Vanessa knew her reign was coming soon, she unfortunately had to decline. Once her father retired she then got the role
of Mala and has had little complication ever since.

As a Mala, Vanessa often commands her 6 main subordinates, the 4 Giras, the Saint Joloise and her Second in Command. The 4
Giras do not neccesarily have to listen to the Mala but through mutual respect tend to do so. She stuck with the same Giras
that her dad had enlisted but since a few retired, has appointed Gorgana Wretchirl and Yves von Eric since then. Also when
she became Mala, hired Mina Elroark as her Army Second in Command, and who she replaced, Grogan Birchwind became her assistant. Vector Barbossa was already the Saint Joloise and she did not oppose his 2 Kings but he is known to not listen to certain calls that come from Vanessa. She does understand that it is all out of love for the people.

Whilst she was born and raised in the Capital, many missions and her youth trainings happened elsewhere. Therefore, Vanessa likes
to spend her spare time away from the work place and travelling the islands meeting people, mostly hidden but sometimes she trusts civilians to not make a big fuss of her showing up. Because of this big connection with the people, it is only one of the many
reasons she is loved. When a Mala is crowned per say, usually there is atleast a small group that are against the decision, but
with Vanessa no one saw any disagreement and turmoil. Despite it being a sort of governing job, Vanessa is on the front lines of 
any battles shes involved with. She does this by wielding a Greatsword she calls "Goliath", but she does have a gun if need be.