Yves von Eric also known as "Bullet God" Yves, is a pirate captain of the Marksmen Pirates and Legendary Gira. He is a tall,
slender man in his 30s that has blonde long hair. Yves in known largely for being the best marsksman in the whole of the 
Sugori Isles and the only focused gun user out of all the Giras. He bolsters a crew of some of the strongest naval fighters,
tacticians and snipers, capable of dishing out blows to enemies that do not even see them coming. He is often seen for his
loyalty, obedience and generally reserved attitude.

Yves at a very young age immigrated with his parents from a nation in the Stoneman Empire called Jiralta. This means that he
did not get along with some kids at school but he shared similar interests. Yves then went to Pirate School where he met 
Vanessa Haliness who he invited as the first member to the Marksmen Pirates. While in Pirate School, Yves learnt basic combat
but was most intrigued by the gun. As he hated how unreliable it was for long ranges, he decided to invest in a not so popular
model, the Schutzin, which is a type of long range Sniper Rifle. Yves was one of the pirate crews that helped defend against
Scareye in the Bullgrave Incident, even with only 3 members, Yves was recognised by Gus and a few others. This has helped him
up to where he is now. Coincidentally, before what happened at Bullgrave, Yves got offered to join Scareye but rejected.

At the start of his pirate career, it was accelerated because of what happened in Bullgrave. He contributed a large amount
with only "Rocktooth" Ricky, his second-in-command, and Helena Popolopus, his navigator. Yves was a pirate that liked to 
explore, especially well outside of Sugori territory. After a decade of pirating, one of Vanessa's support governers, 
particularly the one responsible for scouting potential Gira and Saint Joloise options. He met him in a bar in Salzazbar, where
they talked and he also witnissed Yves and his crew defend the bar from robbers. This helped Yves get recognised and not too
long after go gifted the status of Legendary Gira, skipping the typical Joloise process completely. Yves tends to spend his days 
outside of the Isles but he instantly shifts to the battlefield once danger occurs in Sugori.

The Marksmen Pirates have important members, but the rest have to know how to operate a rifle or atleast a pistol. Temporarily,
there was a period of time where there was 3 Giras, as Yves was training on a religious island of monks called Trolda. He was
there for 2 years to learn meditation, control over his body and focus. Yves stated that he benefitted less from the training
than he knows his peers could, so not only has he been sending new crew members there, but also convinced Morgan Pikefist 
to do it soon in the future. The monks also liked him so much that they gave him his own model of a Schutzin, made of their 
gold, crafted by an old war vet from their island.