The nation of Befre is one that is in north of Elvus and situated in the Befre sea. It is a large island nation with a cold climate that has dozens of millions of people populated there. Befre has snow almost all year round, something certain places contribute to a magical blessing. A large part of Befre is forest, which have many animals and magical creatures that some yet are unexplained due to the nature of their troublesome behaviour. The land is ruled by King Jonish III, but he is often unpopular by the public and the real power in the country is a competition between the parliment and Blue Caps (okay name).

Befre was not always 1 nation. There are records of people from Volin arriving to settle for the first time 1000 years ago. People have before visited the island but deemed it too hard to survive in. Eventually once civilisation boomed, two tribes conquered roughly equal halves on the continent. The left was called Beguria and the right nation Frentua, these two countries tended to live in harmony with at least mild competetiveness. They both advanced technologically at the same pace, until what ended up happening was the start of a conflict due to a misunderstanding being a catalyst for violence. Then started the Andurian War 230 years ago, Anduria was the official name of the continent then. As any war is, it was bloody but the highest casualties resulted from a combination of the issues of war and the harsh climate. Eventually being fatigued by war, the two sides agreed to stop fighting and instead, try become one country for the benefit of the people and as their differences were pretty minimal. Then the Andurian War ended after 14 long years and Befre was founded. To try intertwine the two communities, they combined two towns near the border in the centre of the continent by building between them a big city and called it Centrulia, the current capital, which means Central in both of their languages. Despite the hardships, it was successful and Befre faced no coups or civil wars since. Centrulia is even well divided with Begurians and Fentuans equally, the two are now treated as cultures.

A large number of the population is rural village folk, living very similar lives. Except there are 100s of sub-cultures in the different areas of Befre. Nororiously the north is colder, so many practices from warmer areas are not plausible, especially since the Norrheks from the north are used to temperatures of -34 C. Meanwhile in the cities there is heating, variety of imported and local goods, tons of tourist attractions and national parks and so on. The national religion of Befre is Rharigism, the belief in a god like the First Man called Rharig, or from old translation, the man who brought snow. Rarigists believe that he was a follower of the First Man that blessed this region with snow and beauty and that is why Anduria has snow most months. This is more practiced and noticable in the rural areas, but there do exist Rharigists in the urban cities, just not very practicing or simply traditional believers.