The main force of arms in Befre are the Blue Caps. This is the most common nickname given to the Befre National Army, who wear blue coats and caps. The Blue Caps are a military force spanning the whole continent with hundreds of thousands of soldiers that are devoted to the cause. Usually the Blue Caps are used for defence, spying, easing trade, general security and sometimes policing. The Chief Director of Execution and Operation or CDEO as of current is Renata Oflugr, a risk-free, adamant veteran who has been in this role for 4 years but for almost 40 years in the military. They use weaponry like guns and artillery, a strong suit of theirs is the adaptation they have of their surroundings. Befre easily is one of the hardest to invade out any country.

Around 500 years ago, in a town, northwest of current Centrulia, called Urvingr, there was a theft problem. It was a farming town, and too many people reported missing crops. Family members of these farmers helped with servailance in hopes of catching the food theft, ultimately finding out it was an animal. These people ended up helping a lot anyway, and gathing attention to nearby villages, making trade for their services, then ultimately branding themselves as the Urbagr, a play on words for "food" and "owl". The Urbagr ended up growing and growing, and since the economy of Urvingr grew so much, it was no longer an issue of animal food theft so the Urbagr became a sort of police. After catching the eye of the main cities, the capital of Frentua employed half of the Urbagr under its wing to help against its crime epidemic. Not only did they help, but this concept inspired other cities the same and even led to the regiment of the "Hyruln" or the "Freedom Fighters" which eventually developed into the Blue Caps. Historians call this the Urbagr Revolution, the time in where animals stealing food led into the fast development of the Befre policing and army systems.

Befre is divided into counties, that each are divided into zones. there are 14 counties and each one averages atleast 8 zones. Renata is the CDEO, she has her team of advisors, generals, specialists. Below her are the County Majors that have their own teams that control the forces of that county. Following that are the Zone Generals who control the army forces in their respective zone. And lastly, there can be many military camps in zones it is not strictly restricted to one, so there exist Camp Leuitenants who have authority in that individual military camp over the other respective army camp positions. There also exists a naval team called the Blue Coats, who are led by Punkter Zaff. The Blue Coats are a relatively new regiment created to have control over the seas. Despite being quite isolationist in policy, the countries borders have been opening up slowly and trade is high. Befre have a large export of natural oil and Silver Lumber. Therefore, the Blue Coats need to keep the goods safe and insure that no one tries to cheat such high demand products.