Many things in Befre are known internationally for their uniqueness, as the place is very different from nearby continents. Befre's timber is unnaturally dark, they host arrays of animal species only native to Befre and they have some of the most diverse indigenous cultures. Yet one sticks out, the unsolved mysterious cave known as the Icy Hollows, a nightmare to tourists and explorers and a real dread to scientists.

As caves go, the Icy Hollows are supposedly incredibly dark and even colder than the outside environment. Certain parts of it contain ice and crystal, that shine bright lights in an extremely lit area. And there are also dim dark sections, where light hasnt come for centuries. To survive its conditions, an explorer needs to where 15kg of clothing and constant heat insulators. Even then, the genes of ancestors of the northern ethnic tribes are much more cold resistent so they can only go down there, unless they are just sending them to die. The entrance is in the western side of Befre, in the country side, but slightly surrounded by villages around 4km from the main enterance. The villagers there worship the enterance once a month in order to appease the "God of Cold". Mysterious sounds are heard from there every night, the tale of Garmr the Frozen Wolf claims he came from the western side of the country, and the main believers of his existence all say he shares traits with creatures spotted near the cave.

The Icy Hollows have existed for as long the settlers were here, but only really became a big question once real civilisation kicked in. For hundreds of years, even now, criminals were thrown into the cavern for punishment, set free if they somehow escape, but only one man has ever done it. The Icy Hollows seem to be unnaturally cold and infused with some sort of magic. Yet it is unknown as Befre close their border from foreign scientists and researchers due to arrogance, the domestic researchers are not good enough to find the secrets. Living beings have been confirmed to be inside the cave, which might explain where the mysterious Beferian creatures come from that roam the frozen land.

The only man to be verified to have escaped is the "Void King" Mazik, the leader of the Black Heart Gang, the most neferious criminal group in Befre. After Mazik's murder of the King's brother, he was vigourously chased down and eventually caught in the "Eddingnale Massacre". Mazik was given the fate of all the worst prisoners and thrown into the Icy Hollows. He miraculously escaped the deadly cavern but was impacted to crazily. Despite making it out, Mazik was abandoned by his group as he killed one of his men in what seemed like a crazy frenzy. Not only that, but he was always shirtless, had ice almost "growing out of him" and had this sort of magical essence to him.

