Utop the Befre throne lies Elvandir Jonish III, the King of Befre. Even though the monarchy has little power in the constitution, Jonish III still stays a relevent public figure and still has his own government system. Befre's "Kid King" started his reign 39 years ago only at the age of 24, after his father Jonish II died from cardiac arrest.

Jonish III is a very adamant and wise individual. Despite history and past media presenting the monarchs of Befre as stupid and unknowledgable, Jonish III is quite well informed of Befre society and politics, something that often clashes with his role. As the monarch of Befre holds little power, Jonish III is often restricted from certain actions, yet as the power of the monarch is not defined all too well in the constitution, his political interest has only caused problems for Parliment. Before the death of his brother, Jonish III was merely an interested bystander at Parliment meetings that ever so often contributed opinions. Yet after he became a stubborn and ill-decisive speaker who on purpose only votes against the EDP who he blames for his brother's death.

The monarchy is seperate from most power in the country but the king still holds his own governing system. He has one County Councillor for each county in the country, which he elects whenever one retires or leaves. These councillors have their own handpicked Zone Officials which only have to be permitted by Jonish III or his assistants. County Councillors report what they get reported to by their Zone Officials on how well their county is doing or any problems, some of these issues can be things the King can solve himself with his large portion of money. Additionally, Jonish III makes the Zone Officials host "Problem Ledgers" in the relevant towns of their zones. These ledgers are read by his assistants and filtered to ones considered important and kept in what he calls the "Book of Complaints". Doings like these have helped Jonish III have more of a voice in Parliment meetings as he is the only one who truly has a represetative of the people's voice and his additions do really contribute to government decisions.

The most important thing to Jonish III is his family, which many in Befre know. This was the main reason for why the murder of Julies the Paragen stuck with him so dearly. Jonish's father was a king but also a man deeply interested in science, as he single handedly funded the research teams on the mysterious Icy Hollows cave and the obscure national creatures. What did not help is that the Black Heart Gang took Julies' body after his killing and used it for experiments with Icy Hollows' mysterious energy. These chains of events led Jonish III to become even more interested in the Icy Hollows than his father was, and belives that they can solve the mystery before he dies.