From a small northern village, born was Mazik Laulil Kaluji, notorious serial killer and leader of the Black Heart Gang. This is not what he was always known for, as he was part of the Orenstark Maximum Security Prison before his breakout. He was simply a gang leader in a prison for murdering 3 people and only got sent to prison instead of an Icy Hollows as he was too young when sentenced. Little did they government realise how large of a mistake that was.

From a small village with an average temperature in winter of about -28'C. Mazik belonged to a small ethnic group with only 18,000 people. Mazik grew up a caring kid, trying to help his parents always. His dad died at a young age, so to help his mother he started stealing from others and beating people up for money prisoners in his local jail gave him. After all of this was found out, the jail being full, they gave an ultimatum to his mother, if they stay in the village they will exile them out into the cold tundra. His mother knew how hard it would be to survive, so she abandoned her criminallly minded son and stayed at the village, leaving him exiled. Mazik's life changed forever, as only at the age of 15, he was already ostrisized by his own hometown and abandoned by his mother, he seeked revenge and his mindset changed forever. After being luckily picked up by a trader on the icy roads, Mazik paid him to take him to the city he was going to, to start a new life.

After noticing a child with no identification on the street, the cities council put him up for foster care, at least to take care of him until hes 18 and then if he was behaved enough to help him into the adult life. One thing left to another, and after killing his foster family and showing no remorse, at the age of 17, Mazik was sent to the Orenstark Maximum Security Prison and the rest was history. Even though he was 17, he stood his ground and once he was 25, managed to become the leader of the newly founded Black Heart Gang. After 14 years in the gang, he then took his chance in an immaculately planned escape plan that was under plotting for 9 whole years, they broke out along side 120 more prisoners. Mazik's Black Heart Gang continued to terrorise the outside world as Mazik himself was the direct killer of the Kings brother Julies the Paragen. Only after 11 years did the Gang Collaps due to Mazik's capture at the "Eddignale Massacre".

Being captured led for him to immediately be thrown into the Icy Hollows whilst being publically streamed and attended. Although it seems he was the only person ever to escape the cavern and was spotted outside of borders only 4 months later. The mysterious energy eminating from the cave infused with him and almost made him primal and after noticing this, not even a month after his return, the Black Hearts left him as he was clearly unstable. Rumours stand that he wonders the forests of Befre, shirtless and immune to cold, and if you get spotted, he will chase you down and murder you for looking at him. It is unknown if the Black Hearts are still functioning or if Mazik is really roaming Befre like the legends say.