In Befre there exists a power struggle. There are three contenders but only 2 main ones as the King reserves little impact. It is between the National Parliment and the Blue Caps, who reserve mild-to-large disagreements for decisions of the country. The Blue Caps obviously have the man-power to take over a country, meanwhile the Parliment have the influence. This struggle has been consistent for decades.

There is always constant tension, even though small, of a military coup by the Blue Caps. Renata is quite an indimidating leader, known for being quite piercing and blunt. This has made certain politicians fear her rise in power as she looks like "the one to wreck it all" according to the leader of the EDP. For which the EDP is the most tense with the Blue Caps as part of their "ideal future" holds little military influence on the future Befre as they value them as a "waste of precious recources". The Blue Caps though have never mobilised their army in a specific way, and every past worker of the army that was interviewed had stated that no person has ever wanted that, even close workers to the CDEO themselves. Most people working with Renata claim she gives no attention to the EDPs claims. She instead just focuses on her and the peoples benefits while only entertaining discourse through certain tasks she deems unimportant or negatively impactful.

Despite being quite peaceful over the last couple decades, war is a common topic discussed within Parliment for a multitude of reasons. Yet it becomes harder to come to conclusions as of the fears the politicians contain. If they go to war, there is no guarantee that Renata will listen to commands, or even if Renata will not just take full control of the situation. Climaxes have only grown over the years but at the very least, both parties forget their differences to try correctly lead a nation.

The King has little constitutional rights of power and tends to be only a nuisance publically, but the Blue Caps do not have power like that either. Jonish III used to be quite a politically aware ruler, that accompanied many meetings to chime in or just simply watch. But after the death of his brother, he became a new person, blaming it on the EDP with their links to the Black Hearts or their lack of policies on gang crime. Jonish III since then has held a grudge and only agreed to decisions pettily going against the EDP, whilst holding spontaneous and even hostile behaviours. This leads to a quite chaotic scene on the summit of power, even if the Cap-Parliment tensions are falling slowly.